our guest tonight star together on the
show Black Monday if you still keep
track of the days of the week it's on
Sundays on Showtime please welcome Don
Cheadle and Regina Hall hello Don and
hello Regina
it was so Jimmy how are you you look
great and I like your houses - it's nice
to see them think it's the first time
I've seen Downton I haven't been there
how long have you known Regina eleven
years and have you invited dawn to your
house
Thank You Jimmy yeah oh you have oh the
wind asked her win ask her win when you
invited him when none of us are allowed
to go to see how I rock with my co-star
how's it going for you guys what's
what's happening what's your day like
tell me um I've been you know just doing
I think what everybody's been kind of
doing right now hunkering down like
aggressively defending my Mike Ovitz
pace in my house trying to learn how to
do everything
left-handed and everything everything
why Anderson Oh everything yeah like
like anything you imagine we call it the
stranger so you can write you matter
what you're like you're preparing for a
broken arm or something like that I
think that's wise sure Regina what are
you doing are you doing anything weird
you know I'm not a juror in the Tribeca
Film Festival I've been watching a lot
of movies oh really
oh all right so you were you gonna do
that before this happened or is this
something you took on because you knew
you'd be home no I was gonna do it and
be in New York I thought oh yeah in New
York and then now no is there one film
that you like better than the others and
just go ahead and announce it right now
maybe you could ruin the Film Festival
well yeah the weather for sure is gonna
be no oh that was so good
that was almost good when you guys go
outside are you wearing masks assuming
you go outside at all yeah definitely uh
you know we we obey the codes the
recommendations as though I was going
outside with a bandana on trying to
bring rocket back a little bit my
neighbors were very I mean these were
the neighbors I see all the time but
there was a shift in my neighbors know
this really interesting well what kind
of a shift a physical shift first of all
there was more social distancing they
were very polite and a lot kinder than
they tend to be I was blue it was a
affiliate hey Don I don't know if you
were aware of this but on the World Wide
Web if you go on urban dictionary your
name is a euphemism for smoking
marijuana did you know that oh why is
that I would I think probably somebody
who really is steeped in the culture and
decided that so I'm gonna say Seth Rogen
came up with it I see and in what way
isn't used the derivation was the
derivation was Cheadle wheedle we I see
all right so it's not based on your it's
not based on a true story no Regina is
if you were to Google your name does
anything weird come up well first of all
I'd like to say that means Don qualifies
and as an essential item thank you
though that's right I didn't make I
think he already did
and my Regina Hall is a very famous
adult film actress or porn star there's
another name oh space Oh No
Spaceballs like but not a chance
eight-balls
really did you ever think about using
your middle name just to differentiate
yourself well very quick with the google
near dawn i or i assume you're quick
maybe you already have now you're now
you're into the left-hand theme now you
by the way speaking of then not that
it's porn or anything but there is a
great deal of nudity in Black Monday it
is a male nudity as well which I really
that's you know that's thank you for
that is what I'm saying and is that do
you like that Regina oh you know she
likes that
go ahead Regina tell them about your go
ahead listen there are other people I
think should have been naked already and
they won't do it you know you you have
to depend you have to depends on who you
ask but I think I think it's good I
think it's important to important
variation man to celebrate the male body
yes yeah I heard that there you guys
have a workplace dispute and I was
wondering if I could help mediate it or
sell or settle it in some way and I'm
offering my services if you like them so
whoever wants to explain what's going on
go right ahead and I'm sure you both
have a side well there we may both have
a side but only one side is valid and
I'll go ahead and tell you what side
that is when Regina and I as we have to
every year as you know Jimmy probably
have to go through this process as well
you have these HR meetings where they
explain to you what sexual harassment is
and the do's and the don'ts and you
watch a little movie sometimes Regina
thought that this was like an
instruction video on like how to harass
we had to keep reminding her as she was
touching all of us while we're going to
the meeting that now these are what not
to do not how is that Regina
is that what happened this is what
happened the meeting I think many of
those things that God is talking about
are really open for interpretation but
most importantly Dodd continues to wear
tank tops to work with his arms out and
I think that what he is suggesting to me
is Please Touch that's that's the only
thing get it and see what happens
he considers that a threat of sorts and
I consider it that we are
what's the world we just said simpatico
yeah it's in Patek oh yeah I think Jimmy
huh yeah I am ruling in favor of Dodd
yeah and it's a win-win for Don really
it's a win-win-win it's a win-win for
Don and a losing for HR I guess is right
so each night we're asking our guests to
choose their favorite charity and then I
will make a donation to those charities
and you've each chosen to charity
tonight so Regina tell us which your
charity is and and a little bit about
that mine is a first responders
Children's Fund and it's it's for
children whose parents have died from
colvett who are first responders and you
know many people have lost their loved
ones who've been going and serving in
the front lines against the virus so
it's to help support those families and
you can find out more information about
that at the website on the screen and
John your charity is the Downtown
Women's Center it's the only
organization in Los Angeles that is
exclusively dedicated to homeless women
and women who were formerly homeless and
working with them so yeah and you can
just go to Downtown Women's Center org
and learn
about that organization it's love well
these both sound like great charities
and I appreciate your time what's the
plan for the rest of the day what are
you up to I'm just gonna keep sitting on
my left hand until it's numb again and
[Music]
[Laughter]
and Don Cheadle watch them on Showtime
on Black Monday Sunday night